The moderation of scratch is at an all time low, back a few years ago, you could actually understand why you got banned, but now you can say 1200ish and get comment banned, or someone says the word email, and you reply with you using it in the same context, can then 30 minute comment ban. This needs to Improve, in this blog or whatever you call this I will provide three examples of stupid bans me or my friends have gotten to prove my point, and at the end, you decide; do you agree with me?

#1. "I am Xblox"
About a year ago, a user known as XbloxGamer started going on his rampage of reports and insults. This went on until he figured out he could use namesnipes. The two unfortunate test accounts for these namesnipes are Eplit and Ylian26sub. Xblox was testing different ways to trick ST into getting people banned, so he created the accounts EpIit and Ylian27sub. The first one you might have an issue noticing the difference, but it is a common trick used among namesnipers, instead of a lowercase "L" they use an uppercase "i" because on scratch the difference is unnoticable, now, Xblox did bad things on these accounts, like insult others and even create bad projects. And in the about me of both namesnipes was the sentence "I am Xblox". Now if ST actually had a decent bot, it would have known something fishy was happening, but nope. Both innocent scratchers were banned by the worst impersonation attempt in history. Thank you Scratch Team.
#2. "The room code is..."
This one is exceptionally stupid, but you need some context. A while ago, me and some friends collaborated on a game called Chipm0nk Paradise, now, the thing about chipm0nk paradise is it's private rooms, which requires a room code to join. Well, ST doesn't like the concept of that. I told my friend the room code so we could play the game together, 2 seconds later, I'm banned. I was banned for a week for trying to play a game with my friend. Now we still have those private rooms, but we've learned not to use them.

#3. Language Barrier
I am not a language guy, I know two languages, English and German. Scratch only cares about one, English. You can say whatever you want in other languages, and ST won't even bat an eye. But saying the word "hi" with three extra "i's" will get you comment banned. I have seen a translation on someone else's profile, and I decided to translate for them. But it included the word "email" in it. So I'm just trying to help someone out by translating a sentence from German to English and I get a 3 day comment ban. Nicht gut ST, nicht gut.