#Dreamtime - A short story
The majestic falcon soared through the air, its wings and tail tipped in shimmering gold and silver chains from which gemstones of many colors dangled from. It swooped low, almost brushing against the top of my head, and then flew up towards the clouds, becoming a tiny dot in the... lime-green sky? Hold on a second... why would the sky be green? This must be a dream. The falcon and the sky is simply not possible in the real world. 
   I realize I have wound up in a lucid dream. They're quite enjoyable, but it is irritating as well because they often cause me to wake up in the middle of the night. Maybe because it is too dangerous for the line between reality and illusion to be blurred for too long. Perhaps it is a natural 'protection' that almost everyone wakes up at some point when they're having a lucid dream. 
   I was standing on a beach with pitch-black sand, the ocean a light shade of violet, sparkling underneath the sun. "At least the sun still looks normal," I said to myself. For a while I gazed at the sparkling ocean, but then I heard a thumping noise from behind me. It started as quiet as a whisper, then it got louder, and louder, until the entire land was shaking so hard I almost tripped! I tried not to fall into the ocean, though. Who knows what purple water can do to someone? "I wish I had something to hold on to," I mumbled as I scrambled to get away from the sloshing water. Then, as if granting my wishes, a scraggly pine tree appeared in front of me! I grabbed onto it tightly as the earth shook, bouncing up and down and sending black sand in every direction. The tremors eventually became less violent and I was able to let go of the tree and stand up without falling over. Just as I took a step forward, there was a loud BANG! It sent me jumping backwards and back to the pine tree. I looked around, trying to locate the source of it, but it seemed to come from everywhere. Sitting down on the sand, I looked around and waited to see if there was another bang. 
   No more bangs sounded through the air, all was silent except for the distant cries of the majestic falcon. I scanned the sky, but I didn't spot the bird. Maybe it was too far away, or behind a cloud, or maybe it even had the ability to turn invisible. After all, you never know! Standing up, I decided it was time to have some fun. Reaching up towards the sky with my arms and jumping upward, I began to lift up and into the sky, soaring faster and faster through the air until I could only see the color green (the sky is green!) and feel the wind whipping around me. 
   "Faster!" I shouted to nobody in particular, and I rocketed up almost at the speed of light, barely able to breathe. The sky was transitioning from lime green to a darker, murkier shade, and I could see soft, cold misty clouds above me. I passed through some of them, it was a strange experience. I was flying so fast that my head was starting to spin. 
   "Not that fast..." I gasped as the sky darkened to black. I then slowed to a stop in the air, floating around and practically defying the rules of gravity. Looking down, I saw the tiny beach of black sand and one tiny dot that I thought was the scraggly pine tree. I observed the landscape below and saw that the violet ocean spanned many miles, although there were some islands here and there, too far away for me to see any details. Suddenly, I began to fall. 
   "No! Stop!" I shrieked, but this time my wishes were not granted. I fell down, down, down, coming closer to the violet ocean at a terrifyingly speedy rate. What if I drowned? Wait. This was a dream. That's not possible. 
   Inches away from the ocean, I could literally smell the scent of lilacs and salt. I guess this is the end... of this dream? 
   But then, I suddenly swooped upward, hovering above the ocean. I felt sick, my heart pounding in my chest and my hands trembling. Typical, after going through that wild ride. The wind carried me over to one of the islands, where there was nothing but a massive raspberry bush. Something in my head told me it was a raspberry bush, even though I had never seen one before. I started picking the raspberries and eating them. They were very sweet. 
   I was eating the last of the raspberries on the bush until I heard someone moaning from within the bush. WITHIN the bush! Why would someone be in a bush? There is nothing to hide from. I cleared away the branches and peered inside. I looked around for someone, and I saw... 
   Before I got to see the person clearly, a dragon suddenly appeared in front of me, its scales midnight-blue and its eyes bright crimson red. It then started breathing blue flames, that licked around me. For some reason, the flames didn't burn or harm me, though. 
   After that was the most surprising thing I think I ever encountered: I sprouted wings! Large, feathery wings that erupted from my shoulder-blades. Now, I could fly up without having to go that fast! Just as I flew up with my new wings, a misty pinkish fog clouded around me and I could see nothing but pink... 
   The fog faded away to reveal a ceiling. Wait, the ceiling of my bedroom! I was right, about two things. One: What I just experienced was a dream. Two: I almost always wake up at some point during a lucid dream, maybe because it is dangerous for the line of reality and illusion to be blurred for too long. I turned around in bed, glancing at the clock on my nightstand. "2:51 a.m," it read, the green colon flashing in the darkness. It was early in the morning and the sky was still dark. I'd better get back to sleep. Hopefully I won't wake up in the middle of my next dream. 
   So sometimes, it's not creepy or scary things that wake you up. Sometimes, it's entertainment, or joy.
##Like, favorite, and/or follow if you would like to see more entertaining stories like this!