## 3 Equal Faces
### short story Series | Part 1
It was noon at Ararat, Dr john cerad, a professional physicist who is in a quest to make a sci-fi machine, a machine that makes everything smaller as the size of a memory chip. Sadly, John was failing in the tests, and he thought it was impossible to do so. But today, something caught his attention, it was just a mistake in his calculations, he fixed it and tried it again, and it was a great success. To tell the news to his twin brother Christopher, who was settled in Turkey, he took his car and started travelling, because the airlines were closed due to some problems that hadn't yet been told to the public. As John was on the way, he saw a zombie-like thing, when he looked at it from near, he was sure it’s a human. He asked him to move from the road, but he didn’t listen and just started to lie down on the floor. John decided to call the police, and now, he is saying something “i, I’m Kazim, from erbil, there’s a war going on.. I just somehow escaped from that, wait, where are you from?” John said, “Ararat, Armenia.” He quickly responded with a hopeless face, “oh! And that is the country which hosted a war with us!” he wondered, so that was the case why the airlines were closed! He couldn't let him die in the middle of the desert, so he decided to take him with him to Turkey. It was a long journey, and after they reached Christopher's space research centre, John was surprised, seeing a huge crowd there, both entered the building, and they got in Christopher’s room. Christopher said... 

<br>
<i>Part two will be released as continuation.</i>