[ Creating a brush pile ]

Brush piles are mounds of woody materials (branches, leaves, etc) made by piling brush and loose branches on top of a base composed of larger logs or other natural materials. They attract birds and small mammals that are beneficial for the ecosystem. Small animals like to hide from predators and roost in between the twigs and branches.

1. Lay down the largest logs or trunks as a foundation.
2. Pile large branches loosely on top of this layer.
3. Continue building up the pile in successive layers. Make sure to leave open pockets between layers—don’t pack brush and branches on too tightly.
Any jumble of limbs will attract birds. But with a little attention to the details you can create a super brush pile that will sing out "home" to birds and will attract a wide variety of species. It's a great side project for cleaning up the yard, cutting firewood, or clearing land for a new building. In a suburban yard, you may only have room for a small pile, but birds will certainly use it. However, bigger is better. If you have the space for it, a pile ten feet square and six to ten feet tall is ideal. A well-built brush pile of this size should last for quite a few years. You can add to it over the seasons, as it slowly settles and shrinks. Eventually its interior spaces will fill or collapse. When it becomes hard to toss branches into the center, it may be time to start a new pile. The remains of the old one will slowly decay, which enriches the soil and the environment.
4. Cut or gather a collection of limbs and branches. It's ideal if some are at least four to six inches in diameter. Arrange your largest branches parallel on the ground, with space between to create tunnels for larger birds. Any kind of wood will do, but a bottom layer of rot-resistant locust or oak will prolong the brush pile's life. For the second level, place your next-largest branches at right angles to the first, log-cabin style. Continue criss-crossing branches to a height of three to five feet. Weave the wood together to make a stable construction. Your pile doesn't have to be perfectly neat. Irregularity provides a matrix of spaces for a variety of species. Make your brush pile loose at the outside, so birds can get in easily and quickly. The center should be tighter, to provide small refuges where a bird can escape predators.