# How A Little Bit Of Praise Can Go A Long Way
Behind every project is, of course coding - whether it be short and simple or long and complex- but also effort. I know nearly every scratcher strives to produce their best project yet. A project that will inspire, educate, engage, share ideas or just allow the player to have fun. But what some people don't seem to realise is that behind every project is a person. And that not everyone is perhaps as good as you think *you* are when it comes to coding. You see, it's very easy to like, comment favourite an amazing project with for example, multiplayer modes, incredible graphics thats equipped with reams of code. And there's nothing wrong with doing so! But also keep in mind the scratchers who are still learning. I admit that even I have quickly dismissed a project I've seen that's been rather simple and focus on a cool platformer. But I have recently become aware of just how helpful a piece of praise or advice can be for someone relatively new or less experienced on scratch.


Now, I am by no means good at coding, I like to stick to simple presentations with a bit of "When Stage Clicked, Next Backdrop". Of course, I never expect much attention from them, it's just the enjoyment I get from publishing a polished piece. But after moving to my new account (the one I'm currently on) I've found myself becoming more excited about the future of my projects from just one word... such as cool! ... Or "interesting". These small gestures really encourage me to reach my full potential.

So, not only do I want to thank the Scratchers that have already begun supporting my projects, but also want to ask that you take time to share positive comments with the rest of the community and be considerate when responding to all types and levels of projects on scratch. Have an Amazing Day/night and thank you so much If you have even read this far! :) (I'm impressed)