
Here's a story I've been writing. Hope you enjoy it!
      Beyblades: Awakening
         
Chapter 1
A Surprising Entrance
“A burst? Ugh!” Liam shouted. “Haha, you suck!” Conner said. “No, I don’t! Clive just burst it too much…” Liam tried to argue. “Excuses.” Conner teased. “Let's do us all. This tournament is getting so boring!” I said. “Yeah, let’s do that!” Evan agreed. We let the battle begin. The Beyblades sparked and stopped. “That’s…weird,” Evan said, looking down at them. The ground suddenly shook. “An Earthquake?! What the heck!” I shouted. The ground opened, and we fell, down, down, and down, for what felt like miles. We woke up in the middle of a forest. We walked to a grand entrance. “Hello there! Are you new around here?” A guard caught us by surprise. “Yes, what is this place?” I asked with confidence. “This is the main plaza of our great town! Here, Beyblades battle for money and even trophies! If you want to battle, you must tame the Avatar inside of the Beyblade and let it trust you.” He explained. “Neat!” Evan exclaimed. Conner was curious. “How do we get Beyblades, for we don't have any money?” Liam and I looked at each other. Seriously? He had to mention we’re broke? “Well, here are 20 Beyos each! You can head down to the market each of you can get parts to craft a Beyblade! Beware, don't get stuck in a Beyblade because it won’t be fun for your head.” He explained as he gave each of us 20 Beyos. “Thank you!” We all said as we collected the Beyos. 
As we walked away, Conner asked. “What are Beyos?” The guard shouted back, “They are the money around here. One Beyo is 10 dollars!”
We walked away until we saw the market. We purchased the pieces for our Beyblades and learned how to mend them. “Abyss Develos will always be my first choice no doubt,” I said while looking down at my new Beyblade. “I want Spryzen” Evan proclaimed  “Bloody Longinus is my favorite Bey, and that will never change,” Liam announced. “I want prime apocalypse” Conner yelled. “Well if you want to make them you’ll have to buy some Beyonite and forge them.”He said while looking at his selection. Evan was quick to answer: “Of course, sir.”Conner was more curious than all of us. “Where can we get Beyonite?” Conner asked. The shopkeeper looked up and said he could sell us enough to make four Beyblades.”Okay, where can we forge them” Conner asked while giving him the Beyos? ”Just down the street, there is a place to make beys for free as long as you bring the Beyonite,” The shopkeeper explained. “Now run along because I have customers to serve.” He said while cleaning out the Tips jar. “Thank you!” I yelled as we ran to the forge. After we forged our Beyblades, we went to a hotel, and now we had a place to stay for the night. In the morning, we ran to the park to battle. About five kids crowded around a stadium watching a fight. “You guys battle, I’m reading the paper that came with our Beys,” I explained. Press the center to be transported to the obstacle course to tame the avatar within. I pressed the center and was sucked in! The others did the same. 
The sky was making me dizzy. It was like a melted strawberry milkshake moving around. Gravity was weird too. I walked across some isles, and I made it to a temple. I grabbed a token-looking object within the temple. A giant beast came out of it. It asked for a battle, but when I said I couldn’t it asked for a piece of Beyonite. I gave it a leftover piece from my pocket and it agreed to battle with me. It exited the Beyblade. I told them what happened and twenty 
minutes later we all had tamed our beasts. They said they were Avatars when we asked why they were inside the Beyblades. “We are like the souls of a Beyblade. You can summon us and we can come out as we please.” Develos explained. “Should we enter the tournament? Our Beybl-” Develos cut me off. “The Beyblades summon us, you can mention them as tokens, we fight, they do not.” I continued talking with what I was saying. “Should we enter the tournament? Our avatars seem powerful.”  I had replied to them all around us. Evan told us about his experience. “I fell from hundreds of feet in the air and landed like Spiderman or something.” He took a breath and continued. “I got up and walked towards the glowing light in the distance, and the sky was blood red with streaks of purple, black, and gold. There was an ominous and eerie noise wafting through the air, and gravity was weird and floaty as I walked toward the glowing light. When I was getting closer, although I felt as if I was walking in circles, I finally reached the light and realized it was bey’s avatar, and it was Spryzen. ‘So you have come to tame me?’ It asked. ‘Yes,’ I replied. ‘Okay,’ he said. ‘Beat this blader and you shall tame me.’ I grabbed the bey and battled the blader. One burst later I was out of the dream, Spryzen was tamed, and I was happy.” Then Liam stepped out and said, Let's battle each other with our new Beys!” I responded “YES!” not knowing what was about to happen. “3. 2. 1. Let it rip!” we all said. Our Beyblades started to flash then Develos went up in the air, and went down, and burst Longinus. After that Apocalypse went fast around the arena speeding so fast to where it left burn marks in the stadium, Spryzen countered and did the same thing. Still, the apocalypse wasn't superior so there was a classic burst sound with the metal flying out of the stadium, and hitting the floor. So then there were the rival beys Evan vs me “Ha ha you’re gonna lose!” said Evan.  Liam responded “in your dreams.” with a dark and sinister voice. They started to clash until they were both 1 hit to death. Then, they clashed one more time and burst at the same time.


Chapter 2
A Big Surprise 
 Meanwhile in the real world, (specifically Colorado USA,) “Ha another one bites the dust!” a person said. I got that from Liam. The ground started shaking. “What the?” Instantly, he was transported to the forest. He called out, “Hello? Where am I?” Then he started walking towards the town. The guards told him everything. He progressed to the town and stadium where everyone was fighting. He saw everything. Then, he said, “Wow, that’s amazing!” in a more normal tone. “Vinny!?” we all shouted. “2 things. First, where the heck are we? Second, it is great to see you again!” Vincent said, “How did you get here?” Evan asked. Vincent responded, “I was battling with Beyblades, and I thought of you guys, then the ground started to shake and I woke up in a forest.” he explained in his usual baby tone. “Well Vinny, do you have a bey?” Liam said. “I had one before I was transported here,” Vinny said, “But I couldn’t grab it.” He said as we walked down to the forge because Liam bought a lot of beyonite. “Can I get Develos?” Vinny asked. “No, I got him,” I said, “But does Valtryak sound good?” “Yeah,” He replied. “I guess.” “Well, we better hurry so we all can battle before the sun goes down.” We headed down to the forge and got Vinny a Valtryak. “You ready?” I said after we had gotten back to the stadium. “Yeah!” Vinny said, looking excited but also nervous. “3…2…1… let it… rip!” 
